Yeah hahaha
Come in
Did I let you do the backhand?
Hey, tell me
I let you force Xu Qin to beg me
How is this matter going?
backhand
Sorry, this is my fault
Open your mouth
Oops
This can be considered a half-leopard, hahaha
What's the use of hanging around me?
You can't blame me for breaking up.
Who knew there would be an antelope on the way?
Originally, this matter almost turned into an antelope.
antelope
It’s a fucking antelope again
It's strange to say that we broke up
Who knew Antelope would suddenly be so rich?
Why
I paid all my mother's medical bills in advance
I even bought that hospital.
You don’t even know what I want from you?
Stop being an eyesore here
Let go of the 200,000 you promised me, hahaha
You still have the nerve to ask for money?
Believe it or not, I will break your legs. Get out of here.
I'll make you pay for being a bitch
Don't be angry
Get rid of anger
Why did Yang Yang suddenly have so much money?
I'm really curious about this too
otherwise
You go try him again for me, hahahaha
Hmm hahaha
come in
Backhand did I let you do it?
Well, tell me about it.
I asked you to force Xu Qin to beg me
How's this going?
backhand
I am sorry it is my fault
Open your mouth
Ouch.
This is also a half leopard, hahaha.
What is the use of circling around me?
You can't blame me for the breakup
Who knew that an antelope would be killed halfway
It was almost an antelope
antelope
It is a fucking antelope again
It is weird to say the breakup
Who knew that antelopes were suddenly so rich?
Hey
I paid for my mother's medical bills in advance
They even bought the hospital
You do not even know what I want from you?
Get out of here
Let go of the 200,000 you promised me hahaha
How the hell do you have the nerve to mention money?
Believe it or not, I will break your leg for you, get out
I will make you pay for being cheap
Do not be angry.
calm down
You explain why Yang suddenly has so much money
I am really curious about this too
Otherwise
You go and help me try him again, hahahaha.